hey hey people sef here hey hey ren shi
su
sai choli as china's geopolitical
relevance and power grows we must all
humbly admit the impending inevitability
that it's only a matter of time before
we're
all speaking mandarin so you better get
started and what better way than by
appreciating
chinese culture before our new masters
from beijing begin
their iron fisted rule today we're going
to learn how to appreciate chinese
culture
by playing a historical chinese city
building game neighborhood 2 ugly just
wallet off mongolians at your gates just
wall them off
china loves walls ancestors unhappy
break some pottery
that should make them happy develop
gunpowder improve your technology
then pick the nuke general and upgrade
your new cannons to use neutron shells
these will eliminate the mongolians but
leave your feng shui
intact unemployment too high garnish
their wages new village doesn't want to
trade send spies to sabotage their
economy
and [__] in their rice bowls then export
white rice to them at a premium
establish
bureaucracy fail to collect any form of
tax revenue because you have
nothing to write on send loggers to cut
bamboo get mauled to death buy pandas
send in the police to distract
them get mauled by tigers instead
establish a nobility spend most of your
gdp on providing
rice noodles to the nobility lose half
of your workforce because they forgot to
drink water
lose your dynasty lose your head rinse
and repeat
welcome to emperor rise of the middle
kingdom as one of impressions game's
final city building projects
emperor is probably the most streamlined
and straightforward of a bunch
everything works clearly and
efficiently and you're no longer
constrained by older mechanics in the
series such as
living standards ethics and human rights
here in ancient to middle age china the
only thing that matters
is raw productivity and ensuring that
your population has more
variety in their food than just millet
and silkworms
china is a hardcore place and it has a
very hardcore history which you can
experience across a series of
increasingly difficult campaigns
manage your peasants cultivate feng shui
and export
cheap electronics to the rest of the
world and you'll see your city
flourish mismanage everything and you'll
see your city fall apart
as confucius once said if an nvidia
factory is currently not on fire it will
be on fire observe his wisdom
and build appropriate health and safety
measures or else
emperor is a game of balance but mainly
balancing your finances
if you fail to establish adequate
civilization and turn a profit within
the first two years of game time
consider your government position
terminated in many ways ancient china
had the right
idea about administration they do a good
job they get to keep their job
they do a bad job they lose their head
emperor is also a game of
planning you need to plan out your
city's layout to satisfy
everyone's needs the nobles want to be
far away from the commoners the
commoners want to be far away from all
the workshops factories and rice fields
the rice farmers
are content no matter what even if half
of their children keep getting
systematically eaten by tigers
this is an unfortunate loss but rice
picking is
no profession for slow children you
might ask what is the purpose of these
obese
lecherous bottom feeders we call nobles
i'll tell you
military china is not a peaceful place
and there's
many people who don't understand the
fine art of diplomacy and the only real
way of communicating to these people
that there's a better alternative to
violence is through
ultra violence crush them subvert them
invade them and then demand
everything they have when they give you
everything they have
demand everything they don't when they
can't meet this
reasonable request extinguish them then
erase them out of every map
book or scrap of literature and that is
how you peacefully resolve
conflict in emperor once your enemies
cease to exist you can actually go and
enjoy your city which is beautiful by
the way
i'm running this stretched on a typical
1080p monitor and all the graphics and
sprite work
still hold up as well as they did in
2002. unlike us
this game doesn't age there's also some
widescreen patches available out there
which change the screen size to your
native resolution bizarrely
these are all in polish but since i
assume that everyone here is already
fluent in polish this shouldn't be a
problem while the game is very
straightforward please follow the
tutorials
there's nothing more depressing than
accidentally building a watchtower
instead of an inspector's tower only to
watch your angry and disillusioned
citizens get
beaten down by police officers as a fire
rages through their neighborhood
the music and voice acting is also
pretty good you can actually
right click on any of your citizens
currently walking through the streets
and they'll give you some
feedback and comments on the current
state of your city this city is prettier
than the most beautiful concubine in
china i sell
you buy you buy i am ruined by my
kindness and selling so
cheap i've been evicted by that greedy
pig of a landlord
i hope our dragon eats him the voice
acting by the citizens
is fantastic the same cannot be said of
a narrator the verdant lands along the
humid shores of the yangtze river are
ideally suited for growing great
quantities of rice your wisdom is as
bright as the white rice growing
abundantly in the patties who sounds
like he's one step away from falling
over dead in his pawn shop
interestingly this was also the only
city builder by impressions games that
had
online multiplayer but does it work
surprisingly
yes it does with a little bit of game
ranger magic
you and your friends can finally role
play together as chinese magistrates
okay so i learned that city walls or
these little walls that you built
they keep the bad feng shui out and keep
the good feng shui
flowing confucius said big tits with no
ass
will fill your hands but big ass with no
tits
will fill your heart it works very well
and it's a lot of fun
invading your friends while this game
gives you a good background to
appreciating chinese history just
remember that the historical accounts
given here are very clean and sanitized
to keep the pegi 12 rating and do not
reflect the colorful language and
flowery pros
you can find in the more vivid accounts
for example in the game they don't
explicitly state how one of the earlier
dynasties the shang dynasty came to an
abrupt end
all because of a single woman daji daji
was the favorite concubine of zhu
the tyrant of shang he was so infatuated
with her he fulfilled her
every request and with each request her
requests grew more and more depraved it
was said that her greatest joy was to
hear people cry out in pain
in one case she saw a peasant walking
barefoot on the ice and ordered his feet
to be cut off so she could study
their resistance to cold temperatures in
another she had a pregnant woman's belly
cut open so she could satisfy her
curiosity of what goes on inside
fun fact dodgy also invented her own
torture device called the pao lao
which is a nice little bronze cylinder
on which you strap a person's body and
heat the bottom with charcoal the heat
transfers up the cylinder and slowly
painfully cooks you alive
despite all of zoo's affections dodgy
was not any more loyal to him than
anyone else
she later had an affair with boyi cow
eldest son of ji chang
zhu had him killed and had his body
ground into mince meat but this
was not enough zoo forced ji chang to
drink a soup made of his own son's flesh
before throwing him in jail eventually
the people had enough
an uprising broke out led by ji chang's
youngest son
seeking revenge for zoo's atrocities
even the better equipped and formerly
invincible army of ashang
turned on their own tyrant seeing his
death fast approaching
zoo committed suicide instead by setting
himself on fire
dodgy's head rolled on the chopping
block shortly after as their murderous
dynasty crumbled to the ground
and that's why dodgy gets my vote as
2019's waifu of a year
emperor rise of the middle kingdom is a
fantastic city builder which takes place
in a part of a world that sadly we don't
see depicted very often
in western video games the closest thing
to emperor in the market today would
probably be
jade empire but as i later learned
historians hold serious doubts as to
whether or not the chinese were capable
of
transforming into frog demons and dragon
punching their enemies to death
emperor still holds up great today with
some of the cleanest and most refined
mechanics in the series
it's fun it's relaxing and it's usually
on sale for
very cheap it can also be downloaded for
even cheaper i give it 12 bolts of silk
out of 8 stacks of carved jade which if
we convert back to imperial units comes
to a comfortable high score of
96 degrees fahrenheit highly recommended
go play it
anyway chinese dominance is inevitable
and sooner or later we will all be
living under the chinese firewall
after a hard day's work at the nvidia
factory there's no better way to relax
than by torrenting some anime and just
like that your social credit score has
plummeted five points the people's party
frowns upon your poor taste and anime
you are no longer
eligible for a mortgage you must now
settle for a smaller
fishing shack your wife leaves you for a
man with higher social credit from the
intel factory
you are devastated how could i have
prevented this you think i'll tell you
how
by getting a vpn not just any vpn
express vpn because they're very good
and also because they're sponsoring this
video however
free will is not an illusion and even
though we are subject to the appetites
of our brain chemistry we are still
accountable for our conscious actions as
such i can only
influence you use my link and apparently
you can get free months of vpn for free
you can also get your money back if you
refund it in 30 days i meant to give an
honest account of expressvpn so here it
is
it's pretty fast i mainly use it to
upset the japanese by pretending to be
korean
online i also use it to play
region-locked korean mmos so that i can
finally escape the hordes of brazilians
in other multiplayer games all in all
a very pleasant experience so now you
can safely torrent your anime in peace
and your family will never have to know
as always more content to come so stay
tuned a warm thanks to the many members
of a merchant's guild
generously funding and bankrolling these
videos
this one however is free you're all
truly wonderful have a good one
you all know it's better to give than to
receive
especially to me i mean to your
government